RTCError and RTCErrorEvent docs (#44047)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcerror/sentalert/index.md

{{APIRef("WebRTC")}}

> The **`sentAlert`** read-only property of the {{domxref("RTCError")}} interface specifies the {{Glossary("DTLS")}} alert number occurred while sending data to the remote peer, if the error represents an outbound DTLS error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`sentAlert`** read-only property of the {{domxref("RTCError")}} interface specifies the {{Glossary("DTLS")}} alert number sent to the remote peer, if the error represents an outbound DTLS error.
```
